Add a new empty module for generation of datasets. (#2305)
SpikeInterface/spikeinterface: doc/modules/generation.rst

> Generation module
> =================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generation module (in dev)
==========================
```
Will this be ready or is this a place holder? It seems to me that we should document that this is in development and not fully ready yet since it is a place holding module. But maybe this is a very temporary place holder with a very big code infusion coming soon?

> The :py:mod:`spikeinterface.generation` provide function to generate recording containing spikes.
> This module propose sevral apporach for this : purely synthetic or "hybrid" (with template coming from true datasets).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :py:mod:`spikeinterface.generation` provides functions to generate recordings containing spikes.
This module proposes several approaches for this including purely synthetic recordings as well as "hybrid" recordings (where templates come from true datasets).
```

> The :py:mod:`spikeinterface.core.generate` already propose some functions but here there is an extended and more complex
> machinery, for instance generation of drifting recordings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :py:mod:`spikeinterface.core.generate` already provides functions for generating synthetic data but this module will supply an extended and more complex
machinery, for instance generating recordings that possess various types of drift.
```
